This new major release is the result of a month-long effort to rewrite the entire extension from the ground up. With performance, stability, and maintainability/collaboration as the primary focus. <a href="https://github.com/pnd280/complexity" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Consult the new codebase</a> for more details. This version introduces a lot of changes, and **temporal** removals of some features. From now on, the extension will use the following versioning format: `MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH.BUILD`. With `BUILD` being reserved for emergency rollbacks on the Chrome Web Store.

<items-block data-variant="new">

- Settings UI:

  - New Settings Dashboard UI (access via right-click on the extension icon => dashboard).
  - Export/Import settings.
  - Energy Saving Mode for low spec devices.
  - Old tweaks/features have been renamed to `Plugins`.

- Plugins:

  - `Command Menu`: quickly navigate, search & invoke actions in a floating panel (like macOS spotlight/Windows PowerToys).
  - `Zen Mode`: declutter the UI (toggleable via command menu/hotkey).
  - Improved `Better Code Blocks` with fine-grained configurations over any languages.

</items-block>

<items-block data-variant="improvement">

- Complexity is now compatible with any UI languages (18 as of this release).
- Language models list will now be updated without waiting for the new version of the extension to be released.
- `Custom themes` will now be easier to create and manage. You can create multiple themes and switch between them.

</items-block>

<items-block data-variant="change">

- Legacy/Unofficial language models, e.g. GPT 4 Turbo, Gemini, Mistral, and o1-mini have been removed.

- `Canvas` has been removed due to poor implementation and security concerns. (will be reworked in the future)

  - `Mermaid` code can now be preview with `Mermaid Preview` plugin.

- `Space Selector` has been replaced with `Space Navigator`: now you navigate to that specific Space instead of selecting it and initiating a new thread on homepage (due to limitations).

- `Custom heading/slogan` is now a dedicated plugin.

</items-block>
